Adding new Metrics Volume Management Doc (#21935)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/metrics/volume.md

Datadog's [Metrics Volume Management page][1] provides comprehensive visibility and intelligent insights for which metrics you should focus your cost-optimization efforts. When used with [Metrics without Limits™][3], Metrics Volume allows for flexible configuration of metrics ingestion and indexing to reduce costs without sacrificing accuracy. 

With the Metrics Volume Management page you can quickly answer the following questions in real-time: 
- What is my overall account's realtime estimated Indexed Custom Metrics usage?
- What is my overall account's realtime estimated Ingested Custom Metrics usage?
- What are the Top 500 largest Metrics without Limits configured metric names by Ingested Custom Metrics volume?
- What are the Top 500 largest metric names by Indexed Custom Metrics volume?

> - What are the Top 500 spiking cardinality metric names?

Author: Can we preserve it as 3 different questions? here's why: 
* Was hopeful we can keep this summary section framed as questions that customers would ask. And wanted to follow the example external docs' (see gdoc for governance guide) where they call out each individual functionality to emphasize the huge value the tool brings. Even if people gloss over the summary section, they'll at least see numerically that the page offers a lot.
* Think it still makes sense to keep as separate bullets here because indexed vs ingested are separate SKUs. 
* conceptually my top 500 largest metric names by indexed volume are likely a different group of metrics and require a different user action to access than the top 500 spiking metric names.

- Which team owns these Top 500 metric names and is responsible for optimizing?

> - Which metrics are actually valuable (or not) to my organization?

Reviewer: After reading the whole page, I'm not sure we need this section. Your headers are very clear in what a reader can expect to gain from the Metrics Volume, and adding this puts more friction for a user to scroll through. Let me know what you think

> - Which metrics are actually valuable (or not) to my organization?

Author: Yeah agreed it adds a lot of overhead but we should assume that folks don't have patience to scroll vertically to read through the docs' headers -- an overview bulleted section of questions they can answer with this doc is present in other dd docs like logs' docs and other external docs too. Let's keep it

3. (Optional) Create a Change monitor for `% change` to proactively alert on this spiking metric. For more information, see the [Change Alert Monitor][2] documentation.

## Identify less valuable, unqueried metrics

{{< img src="metrics/volume/id_unqueried_metrics.png" alt="Facet fields for Query Activity with the 'Not actively queried' facet selected" style="width:100%;" >}}

To start reducing custom metrics costs, organizations often start with their largest metric names that aren't valuable to the organization; in other words, ones that aren't actively queried. Datadog's intelligent query insights analyze your queries and surfaces your unqueried metrics over the past 30 days. Our analysis is constantly running in the background ensuring that your unqueried metrics are always up-to-date and available self-service.

To find the metrics not actively queried in the past 30 days, click on **Not Actively Queried** in the *Query Activity Facet* box. Selecting **Not Actively Queried** generates a list of unused metric names across dashboards, notebooks, monitors, SLOs, Metrics Explorer, and the API.

## How to quickly reduce metric volume and cost

> After you identify unqueried metrics, you can quickly and confidently eliminate the volume and cost of these metric names by using [Metrics without Limits™][3] without a single line of code. By using Metrics without Limits, you ensure that you pay only for the metrics that you use by eliminating timeseries that are never or rarely leveraged. Based on our intelligent query insights, the average customer's custom metrics volume can be reduced by 70% if they were to use Metrics without Limits on their unqueried metric names. 

Author: would prefer to keep this stat where it is because it only applies to unqueried metrics and isn't really part of the value prop of the volume page itself. The volume page focuses on the subset of largest metrics that are unqueried; while if a user were to use MWL on all unqueried metrics (not just that of the top 500) they'd could see up to 70% reduction.

> After you identify unqueried metrics, you can quickly and confidently eliminate the volume and cost of these metric names by using [Metrics without Limits™][3] without a single line of code. By using Metrics without Limits, you ensure that you pay only for the metrics that you use by eliminating timeseries that are never or rarely leveraged. Based on our intelligent query insights, the average customer's custom metrics volume can be reduced by 70% if they were to use Metrics without Limits on their unqueried metric names. 

Author: It's one of the value prop points for MWL yes

> After you identify unqueried metrics, you can quickly and confidently eliminate the volume and cost of these metric names by using [Metrics without Limits™][3] without a single line of code. By using Metrics without Limits, you ensure that you pay only for the metrics that you use by eliminating timeseries that are never or rarely leveraged. Based on our intelligent query insights, the average customer's custom metrics volume can be reduced by 70% if they were to use Metrics without Limits on their unqueried metric names. 

Reviewer: Can this stat be moved to the guide or blog? I understand why you want readers to know about this, but I'm not sure the main docs are the right place for this. Sounds like we're trying to convince a reader they need a product rather than telling them what this product can do

```suggestion
After you identify unqueried metrics, you can eliminate the volume and cost of these metric names by using [Metrics without Limits™][3] without a single line of code. By using Metrics without Limits, you ensure that you pay only for the metrics that you use by eliminating timeseries that are never or rarely leveraged. Use Metrics without Limits™ on your unqueried metric names to reduce custom metrics volume. 
```

3. Select **Include tags…** and set an empty allowlist of tags.

{{< img src="metrics/volume/configure_metrics.png" alt="Configure Metric dropdown at the top of the page highlighting the Manage tags option" style="width:100%;" >}}

You have full control over the cardinality of your metrics without the need to change your applications nor the requirement of a remote-write setup. Below is an example of how eliminating timeseries that are rarely used can significantly reduce your custom metrics volumes and costs.

In this example, the tag configuration modal shows a metric with a current volume of 13690031 indexed custom metrics. After you select Include tags… with an empty allowlist of tags, the modal shows an estimated new volume of 1. You can reduce the number of indexed custom metrics by 13690030.

{{< img src="metrics/volume/reduce_metric_vol_cost_tags.png" alt="Tag configuration modal showing an example metric with a current volume of 13690031 index metrics and an estimated new volume of 1, with an empty allowlist of tags" style="width:80%;" >}}

## Analyze metrics' utility and relative value in Datadog

> As part of our Metrics without Limits suite of governance features, you can now quickly pinpoint valuable metrics that are underutilized in Datadog with the Metrics Related Assets feature. A metrics related asset refers to any dashboard, notebook, monitor or SLO that queries a particular metric. Our intelligent query insights surface the popularity of these related assets as well as the quantity so you can evaluate metric utility within your organization, enabling data-driven decisions. This feature allows you to identify how your team can utilize existing metrics to get more value from your observability spend and [reduce metric volume and cost].

Reviewer: Did you mean to link to another document here? `[reduce metric volume and cost]`

```suggestion
Metrics without Limits™ allows you to quickly find metrics that are underused in Datadog with the Metrics Related Assets feature. A metrics related asset refers to any dashboard, notebook, monitor, or SLO that queries a particular metric. Datadog's intelligent query insights surface the popularity and quantity of these related assets so you can evaluate metric utility within your organization. Use this information to make data-driven decisions. Identify how your team can use existing metrics to get more value from your observability spend and reduce metric volume and cost.
```

Author: I think that was actually one of your original edits? maybe it was meant to link to the later [reduce metric volume cost] section in this same page?
